Rainfall infiltration is an important groundwater-recharge source but
Groundwater-soil heat exchange makes the subsurface temperature
Time-indexed temperature-versus-depth observations at the experimental
Preprocessed temperature records for analytical fitting.
A predicted temperature profile at each measurement time.
Matched analytical and Crank-Nicolson temperature-depth profiles.
A time-resolved seepage-velocity estimate.
Darcy infiltration flux q I n e v expressed in the rate units used by
Three event-specific agreement assessments and a visible lateral-flow
Across the three tested rainfall patterns, the inferred